Ac/package updates (#2)
NREL-SIIP/SIIP-Template: .github/pull_request_template.md

> Thanks for opening a PR to SIIP-PACKAGE.jl, please take note of the following when making a PR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for opening a PR to SiennaTemplate.jl, please take note of the following when making a PR:

```

> Check the [contributor guidelines](https://nrel-siip.github.io/SIIP-PACKAGE.jl/stable/code_base_developer_guide/developer/)

Reviewer: This reference will fail, since we don't have this page. Could you follow the format in PowerSystems to add a Reference > Developers > Developer Guildlines page? https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSystems.jl/stable/api/developer_guidelines/

The Internals API can also go in the Developers subsection.

Reviewer: The url will need to be updated to point to the new Developer Guidelines page.
